[1227](1227.md)

**Primavera**

- Silver Hair from babies
- Water Sounds collection
	- Gastón let the covenfolk know that a child would be brought next year (1229). See [The Hedge Witches](The%20Hedge%20Witches.md).
- Lais explica que a gravidez de Sybil é estranha e está pesada.
- Requests to Sera (Redcap)
	- Encontrar compradores para as magias potentes (20, 25, 30, 30)
	- Sera vende o pacote de 4 magias por 15 vis (por 20 para outros magos)
	- Equipamento de Lab (Theros) 
	- Redcaps pra arrumar o lab 
- Ovo de Lagarto: fica invisivel

**Verão**
- Sera returns early. Don't bring letters not directly connected to the Mercere Network. It does bring the 10*p.v.* de vim from Castra Solis (Theros allowance). She mentions that the lab material will be in Castellane, but it needs to be picked up there by the end of the summer by redcaps that will set it up.
- Sellen's old Lab:
	- Size +2
	- Refinement: +0
	- Occupied Size: +1
	- Base Safety: -1
	- Effective Total Safety: +1
	- Subterranean: +1 Upkeep, -1 Health, -1 Aesthetics, +1 Te
	- Spacious: +2 Safety, +1 Aesthetics
	- Studio: Potentially +1 to +3 Aesthetics (currently +0)
	- Superior Heating (Minor): +1 Upkeep, +1 Health, +1 Aesthetics, +1 Ig
	- Superior Equipment: +1 General Quality, +2 Upkeep, +1 Safety, +1 Vis Extraction
- Julho: Nascem os bebês de Sera e Sybil
	- O bebe de Sybil desaparece
	- O bebe de Sera nasce com sangue de fada (Theo)
		- Orelhas élficas e olho de cobra
- Grande Tribunal da Ordem em Durenmar
- Fallen Stars (Check for [Eclipses of Southern France](Eclipses%20of%20Southern%20France.md))
- Magic Birds in Fairy Regio (Per+Hunt to see how much Vis up to 5)
- Dungeon Nightmare in Briançonnet
- [Apollo ex Mercere](Apollo%20ex%20Mercere.md) does his RedCap journey. He receives a strange object from [[Solis]], a Guernicus from [Aedes Mercurii](Aedes%20Mercurii.md) (and a tribunal Quaesitor), the [[Cryptex]].
- Nascente do Verdon exploration [Nascente do Verdon](Nascente%20do%20Verdon.md)
	- Tartaruga com planta nas costas
	- Peixe com Chifres
- Mistral wind in the Nascent

**Outono**
- Dead animals under the bridge in Castellane
	- Troll bebe (não sai)
	- Identificaram a entrada do Régio
	- Colocaram um ward na porta
	- Encontraram as ferramentas do escultor, um martelo e um chisel. Também viram a escultura do Troll sendo construída. E uma voz que disse: "Quem está aqui?"
- Ritual de Longevidade de [Johannes](Johannes.md)

**Inverno**
- Stalactites inside the mountain
- The Ice Crown of the statue of Hermes in Saint Andres
- Dec 28: Eclipse
	- Earthquake
	- Doors trying to be opened by the [Medusa](Medusa.md)
	- The effect of the Aura is doubled for Terram (+10) for the whole winter.
	- Double vis from the Stalactites