**Primavera**

- Silver Hair from babies
- Water Sounds collection 
- Requests to Sera (Redcap)
	- Carta pra Marcela ex Bonisagus de Spatha convidando para vir pra Mons Clara em 1236 para revelar as descobertas em Barbegal.
	- Comprar Summae de Imaginem (L19, Q11; Limitless Imagination, by Sophina ex Merinita) - Pagamento: 1 tratado de Vim (Somnia Magicae by Penelope) + Lab text Merinita (The Dreamer's Endless Slumber - Re(Cr)Me 35) + 15 pawns de vis)
	- Resposta para a carta da Rixenda, da Penelope em nome do covenant, explicando que vão fazer o possível para ajudar no pedido dela, explicando que embora ela mesma não possa ajudar muito diretamente por causa da severidade dos efeitos do gift dela, os sodales de Mons Clara estão se planejando.
	- Themis pergunta sobre conhecedores de magia Atlante.
	- Procurar conventos na região.
- Viagem para proteger Margaret
	- Milieu, senescal de Forcalquier.
	- Sir Kylan

**Verão**

- Renato, irmão do Mercador Pierre
	- Ele traz £10 tecidos
- Verditius Contest
- Fallen Stars
- Troca Folio Delivery: [Bonisagus Folios](Bonisagus%20Folios.md) - Eloi ex Mercere
	- The Folio of 1221 - Point Cost 36 (6+Scribe por estação)
	- Lab Text ReVi 25 Maintaining the Demanding Spell  3+
	- Lab Text PeMe 25 Blessing of Child-like Bliss Side effect, for the first hour subject is very happy 
	- Lab Text PeTe 40 Cascade of Rocks The dust created does not impair vision
	- Rego Tractatus Q10 On the interaction of Different Forms
	- Mentem Tractatus Q8 Thinking about Thinking
- Magic Birds in Fairy Regio (Per+Hunt to see how much Vis up to 5)
- Dungeon Nightmare in Briançonnet
- Nascente do Verdon exploration
- Mistral wind in the Nascent
- The Return of Renato
	- Renato, Liliana's nefarious uncle, was driven off but not destroyed. What if a message arrives for Liliana, seemingly from her father, Pierre, asking her to meet him in Castellane? It could be a trap set by Renato, who may have captured Pierre. This would create a moral dilemma and a rescue mission for the remaining magi.
- Michaela's Final Days
	- Michaela, the aging covenfolk who lost her longevity ritual, is fading. This can be a quiet, poignant story. She begins sharing fragmented memories of the covenant's past, perhaps of Julius or Nicolau, that she never shared before. It is a race against time to learn what she knows before she passes, and a chance for the magi to show compassion.
- Barbegal:
	- Visita do estranho frei [[Arnaud]].
	- Ele recebe sonhos para ir pra Paris pra pregar
	- Conexão arcana com ele termina em 1236

**Outono**

- Dead animals under the bridge in Castellane
	- Novo troll com Might 5
	- Escultor bem puto
- Return of Sera (Redcap)
	- Professor de Grego
		- [[Damon]], o Egeu.
	- Summa Perdo L12, Q18; Essentials of Destruction, by Andrey ex Miscellanea (18 vis)

**Inverno**

- Stalactites inside the mountain
- The Ice Crown of the statue of Hermes 