**Primavera**

- Silver Hair from babies
- Water Sounds collection 
- Requests to Sera (Redcap)
	- Carta para Marcela ex Bonisagus, Stella Durus
		- Não temos projetos de reconstriuir Barbegal agora, mas como podemos te ajudar? Se ela quiser empreender, pode vir, senão faça sua proposta. 
	- Formula de ReAn 35 para teleporte de Bjoarnaers
	- Carta para o Malachai, 20 de Imaginem. Próximo passo.

**Verão**

* Tremere Decentenial Meeting
- Fallen Stars
- Magic Birds in Fairy Regio (Per+Hunt to see how much Vis up to 5)
- Dungeon Nightmare in Briançonnet
	- Arcane Connections: set of Keys
- [Nascente do Verdon](Nascente%20do%20Verdon.md) exploration
	- Entrar no Regio, ver [2026-01-05 Quintus e a Nascente do Verdon](2026-01-05%20Quintus%20e%20a%20Nascente%20do%20Verdon.md)
- Mistral wind in the Nascent

**Outono**

- Dead animals under the bridge in Castellane.
	- Might: 0 (reconstructing)
- Return of Sera (Redcap)
	- Retorno de Auréria ex-Bonisagus (Cenóbium) para avaliar o tratado de Intellego de Themis. pedido de informações sobre magia de Intellego Aquam.
		- **Falke of House Bjornaer:** The current Prima of her House, Falke is a renowned **master of Aquam magic**. She is so deeply attuned to the Art that she possesses a Twilight scar causing her feet to always be wet, leaving puddles if she stands still too long.
		- **Maris of House Tytalus:** Known for living almost exclusively at sea on his ship, the _Paregro Mare_, Maris is a specialist who tests his magic against the raw fury of the elements. He has developed a vast repertoire of Aquam spells for **underwater exploration, current manipulation, and ship defense**
		- Dama of House Merinita:** The Praeco of the Provençal Tribunal is recognized as a maga of exceptional age and power who is specifically noted for her **mastery of Aquam magic**.
		- **Schwall of House Bjornaer:** An elderly and reclusive magus with **great proficiency in Aquam**, Schwall resides at the Rhinefalls. He has dedicated his later years to research aimed at mystically merging his consciousness with the elemental spirit of the Rhine.
		- **Ahmad ibn Nasr of House Tytalus:** A leader of raiders in the Mediterranean, he is a **master of sea magics, jinn, and water elementals**. His magic is inherited from a line of Tytalus-trained infiltrators and raiders
	- Summa Aquam L20, Q10; Endless Oceans, by Adelaide ex Bonisagus (20 vis)
	- Penelope vende bundle de magias de Rego Mentem/Sono
		- 2 vis para Penelope.
	- Letter from Luc ex Merinita
		- Will come in the next Summer (1239). 
	- Sera also let them know that Tres is raising additional people to follow his as the "Protector of the Mundanes", as rumors of a new crusade on the South after Margaret's becoming the new queen.
	- Letter from Rebecca ex Miscellanea to Drusilla ex Miscellanea. The cult wants to integrate the witchfolk of the swamps of the Verdon. They request Drusilla to visit them, assess their power and if they can be fully aligned.
	- Letter from Jeanne ex Merinita:
		- Fique à vontade pra nos visitar em Ara Maxima.
- Folio Delivery: [Bonisagus Folios](Bonisagus%20Folios.md)
	- Option A (On Mental Improvement): 1140
			- Spell CrMe40 Gift of Presence (Pre) [touch/mom/ind up to +1]
			- Spell CrMe40 Gift of Perception (Per) [touch/mom/ind up to +1]
			- Creo Q9 On the limits of mental improvement
			- Gloria of Bonisagus had a minor magical focus in self-transformation, and was the first to “independently” develop the mental improvement spells around 1140. The mystery cults that had had guarded their secrets brought a case at tribunal in 1151 and the case was rejected, but the legal case is was disputed post facto. Gloria was briefly Prima of House Bonisagus, before succumbing to final twilight.
		- Ritual Spell Masteries
			- Spell Mastery Tractatus: Aegis of the Hearth Q6 by Absalon Regus ex Bonisagus. Teaches Safe Casting Mastery.
			- Spell Mastery tractatus: Cheating the Reaper Q7 by Reodor Venetur ex Bonisagus. Teaches Safe Casting Mastery.
			- The Spell Mastery Tractaus were included at the insistance of the Colens leader, Agnes ex Bonisagus who had heard to many case of botches for these important spells. The Mastery removes all botch dice for rituals under unstressed circumstances.
		- Curious Spells
			- Spell: InTe30 Stone Tell of the Mind that Sits by Terriadux ex Bonisagus of the Greater Alps Side effect, Stone develops a mouth
		- Order of Hermes Lore
			- Tractatus: Order of Hermes Lore Q14 The Roots of Hermes by Rebus ex Bonisagus
			- Rebus discusses the ancient Cult of Mercury and its influence on Hermetic magic, including a discussion of contemporary Cults to the extent that they are known. Rebus approaches the topic as a historian, and he is not himself a member of any of the contemporary cults who succeed the ancient cult.
	- Option B (The Aegis of the Alabaster Peak) 
		- On Wards and Protections
			- Lead Researcher: Marcellus of Bonisagus (a specialist in architectural magic and geological stability from the Roman Tribunal). Theme: Stability, Warding, and the Containment of Transmutative Hazards.
		- Ward Against the Petrification - Item Lab Text 39
			- Perdo Vim 35
			- R: Touch, D: Sun, T: Ind
			- Effect: The target is protected from any that attempts to transform their flesh into stone and adds a Terram requisite. This includes the breath of a Cockatrice, the gaze of a Gorgon-kin, or specific Muto Terram spells up to Level 40+stress dice(no botch).
				- Base effect 20. 
				- +1 Touch, +2 Sun
				- 2x uses per day +1
				- Environment Trigger +3
			- Item: Corrente(Colar) de Ouro Vermelho (Red Gold). 
		- STONE TO FALLING DUST PeTe 20
			- R: Sight, D: Mom, T: Ind
			- One solid non-living object turns to a pile of dust. The object must be a base Individual or smaller, so a stone item can be a pace across while a metal item can only be one tenth that size in total. A casting requisite may be required, of the Form appropriate to the target. (Base 3, +2 metal/gems, +3 Sight)
		- Mastery Tractum on STONE TO FALLING DUST Q12. Focused on fast casting, but the mastery can be applied anywhere as usual. It is treated as Q13 for Fast Casting.
		- On the Geometry of Primordial Boundaries" Topic: Magic Theory (Quality: 11)
			- Description: An analysis of how "Ancient Magic" (like Mercurian or Greek rituals) uses physical geography to anchor wards.
		- Waiting Spell ReVi 40 
			- R: Touch, D: Spec, T: Room, Ritual
			- Waiting Spell puts another spell on a given target room on hold until that spell is triggered by a simple condition, which is determined when this ritual is cast. The target of the Watching Ward must be present for the entire casting ritual. When the conditions you specify come to pass, the suspended spell takes effect.
			- Only one Watching Ward can be placed on any one room. The level of the Watching Ward must at least equal the level - 10 of the spell held in suspension. (Base effect, +1 Touch, Duration is non-standard, +2 Room)
			- Similar to *Watching Ward*

**Inverno**

- Stalactites inside the mountain
- The Ice Crown of the statue of Hermes in Saint Andres
- Maju reaches to Penelope in her dreams:
	- He says that Dama is in trouble, being pulled more and more to the control of Oriande Le Fae, getting paranoid, and making more controlling moves in the cult and the tribunal. Maju says he is originally from her realms and is worried that Dama is surrounded with yes-man and needs Penelope help to break the cycle. 
	- He mentions that Dama wears a veil to sleep that was gifted by Oriande that needs to be removed/destroyed. Maju cannot do it as it has strong Fairy tempering protections. He also can't fully let Dama knows of his knowledge or she might become fully paranoid.
	- Maju has an Arcane Connection with Penelope (likely a fixed hair from her visit to Mimizan). With a base casting of 53 (45 might+8 aura), and using a power of Base 20, +1 Duration Dream, +4 Arcane Connection, effect of 45, so 5 Might points due to his ability of halving costs. (-25 cost penalty). Fixed Arcane Connection +4m, nickname +1m, +2m permanent horoscope. 3x7=21. Current total 53-25+21=49. Maju spent 10 vis just in case, raising the cast in +20, for a total of 69 penetration (very easy to cross the +29 Aegis, not so much for Penelope's +53 MR of Mentem).
* Aging Rolls
	* NPCs
		* Juliette, Luc's personal servant. Crisis. Bedridden for a week.
		* Patrizio, Perfumista. Crisis. Bedridden for a month. -20% income for the year.
		* Sera não aparentou
		* Johannes não aparentou